feat(curriculum) add envelope budget app (#64427)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-envelope-budget-app/660404511dbf1b90eb23b617.md

---
id: 660404511dbf1b90eb23b617
title: Step 35
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-35
---

# --description--

> Now it is time to test your `isInvalidInput` function. For this test, you want to check if the function can detect scientific notation like `1e3` or `10e2`. While this is a valid way to represent numbers, it is not a valid input for your calorie counter project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now it is time to test your `isInvalidInput` function. For this test, you want to check if the function can detect scientific notation like `1e3` or `10e2`. While this is a valid way to represent numbers, it is not a valid input for your Envelope Budgeter project.
```
